finally I think it was a year ago at the
last MSI that I asked you about your
anime figures and I am very curious if
your anime figures made it to China with
you well it's a fourth day of MSI 2018
I'm joined right now by Karsa as well as
Winston who's gonna help translate Karsa
what was it like just facing your old
team need a passion magana seems you in
Tahiti tomba just a domino ha no ha
sounds dirty but I haven't done ganja
very excited he wants to beat him so
badly what was the conversation like
with the team whenever you knew that
you'd be facing them or how did it go
about that you'd be playing gonna don't
need to not need some time in the show
but I'd happy holidays you're coming so
he what you do so just assuming he can
possible this one seeing stuff I was
doing so well right now 16 oh and he's
so so he was talking to RNG hey come on
give me a hand to prove that I'm still
worthy it's not I'm not the reason why I
flash without doing so great you know
what was the team very excited with you
or was it afterwards were they all
excited to feel like he were the secret
weapon against your old team not kinda
and you don't know video journey send me
over she knew each other yeah mayo bar
just a woman don't worgen man I think
what also say jong-hong Jose summer so
he chose dog auntie Joan she was woman
those Italian treating so not really
he's not a secret weapon anything he an
MLG detectors when who's in a better
shape so and it's a coach's decision now
what what do you think of oranges
chances going through the rest of this
tournament because it did seem like
there was a bit of a shaky start an
orangey die
and allows me on the jiggle you working
the chain can you do
Pantera at home adjustable Michelle
having kids and ourselves was that Joe
Oliver
well my or do it now it is a budget well
he feel like there are you know more and
more you know we're ready to go into any
game so they're they're approving across
past couple days and if they are able to
you know Wayne tomorrow then they have a
really good shot at winning the entire
tournament conversely this looks like
the first day that flash holes might
actually be vulnerable but until this
day it seemed like maybe flash holes
might be the best team at MSI what do
you think of the strength of flash
wolves Jo Jo Yoon ha RG but sandy Alonso
taken just a hint of a pool hearts a
team carry around and being kind of
amateur idiot no chicken dosai good one
me to do so everyone you type in judge
and you descending on yoga Dino Juergen
Hodges a fool to the John ba-ba-ba just
do some opposed to what other voice I
mean to the beach in Kahala ingenious
intelligent woman you feel like the
reason why flash was doing so well is
because their support so the air support
actually improved so much and especially
in decision makings which helped flash
vote to become a different team finally
I think it was a year ago at the last
MSI that I asked you about your anime
figures and I am very curious if your
anime figures made it to China with you
don't bother it's so bad shiny so bad
don't go anyway come let Julie that's
all kinda like Peter so much just can't
do it okay so so he just told me attack
when I got the idea because he's new to
the team so he's a little bit shy so so
he didn't you don't want to you know to
you just want to hide it on a little bit
to be low class so you did brain yeah so
okay so you when do you think you will
feel comfortable enough to bring out
your figures just a yeah about to hear
some and I would
she's worth it well total that is done
you know the ice and ice also you will
find out what the shingijeon maybe
another one so you secretly brought one
but it's in your suitcase
so we'll see we'll see I won't tell your
other teammates until you're ready
is there anything that you want to say
to any of the fans out there just so
much I'm into him because she won't
watch you ji-ji-ji wasn't our own
talking recital too soon since he's not
being able to play as much in the past
few days he hoped that when he actually
plays the fans can come and watch him
play and support him well thank you so
much for the interview cars I think he
went soon for the translation and thanks
everyone for bearing with us as this
wind kicks up for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things he's force right here on my
youtube channel
yeah you're still here we you were
hoping I promote my support page at
Travis CARICOM slash support or my
patreon at patreon.com slash Travis
gaffer die I know I'm good
it's over go home